#summary API Result
#labels API

= Result =

|| Protocol || HTTP ||
|| Control || Identifier ||
|| Data || JSON, PNG ||
|| Access || Public ||

== Logon ==

 The normal (not groups) process employs a site logon with requests of the following form.

{{{
 GET /profile/index.html
}}}
 Mime-Type `text/html`

 The HTML result page for a normal logon will include an image, data, and associated tools.

 This reference will redirect a logon to a permanent coded location, as in the following.
{{{
 GET /profile/b390a019eff70566/index.html
}}}

=== Data ===

 The CPI Online includes [http://www.json.org/ JSON] data access via a Result URL as 
{{{
 GET /profile/b390a019eff70566/data.json
}}}
 
 Example
   [http://cpi.cognitiveprofile.com/profile/b390a019eff70566/data.json /profile/b390a019eff70566/data.json]


=== Image ===

  The CPI Online includes result display image access via a Result URL as 
{{{
 GET /profile/b390a019eff70566/image.png
}}}
 
 Example 
   [http://cpi.cognitiveprofile.com/profile/b390a019eff70566/image.png /profile/b390a019eff70566/image.png]

== Groups ==

 The groups process works similarly, using `groups.html` in place of `index.html`, and employing a group member identifier in place of a result code.
{{{
 GET /profile/mid/groups.html
}}}
 In this pattern - example, `mid` refers to the member identifier available from the [API_Project Project API].

 The inventory begins with a URL in the following pattern.
{{{
 http://cpi.cognitiveprofile.com/inventory/mid/groups.html
}}}
 This reference is the source of an HTML IFRAME when the CPI is embedded into your external application.

=== Redirect ===

 For groups, the [API_Redirect Redirect] controls whether the profile result page is shown, or shown momentarily with a timeout, or shown with zero timeout.

=== Image ===

 The image is available through a similar pattern
{{{
 GET /profile/mid/groups.png
}}}
 in PNG format.