#summary The CPI Online result URL Code
#labels Featured

 = Overview =

 The CPI Online result data is encoded into a URL.  The software that performs this function is [http://code.google.com/p/cpi/source/browse/trunk/code/src/cpi/Code.java cpi.Code].

 = The code =

 The URL code is a modified [http://code.google.com/p/source/browse/trunk/code/src/cpi/B64.java Base64] transfer of a padded string.

 == Pad ==

 The pad cipher is used with a known key to scramble the plain text string.
{{{
    private final static byte[] Pad = {
        'L', 'o', 'r', 'e', 'm', ' ', 'i', 'p', 's', 'u', 'm', ' ', 'd', 'o', 'l', 
        'o', 'r', ' ', 's', 'i', 't', ' ', 'a', 'm', 'e', 't', ',', ' ', 'c', 'o', 
    };

    static byte[] Pad(byte[] text){
        int len = text.length;
        byte[] re = new byte[len];
        for (int cc = 0; cc < len; cc++){

           re[cc] = (byte)(text[cc] ^ Pad[cc]);
        }
        return re;
    }
}}}
 This function, known as the [http://www.google.com/search?q=One+Time+Pad One Time Pad] or [http://www.google.com/search?q=Vernam+Cipher Vernam Cipher], works in both forward and inverse directions to encrypt and decrypt.  

 While the One Time Pad is the most secure encryption algorithm, in our case here the cipher key (pad) is published in the [http://code.google.com/p/cpi/source/browse/trunk/code/src/cpi/Code.java Code] class.  So it's not secure.  Just a fast scrambler.

 We use the scrambler just for some basic "eyeballs" privacy, as well as a minor degree of integrity assurance (in combination with parsing the plain text).

 = Plain text =

 The plain text code string is a simple set of `name:value;` pairs.  Within the Code class, it can be seen as 
{{{
    nt:#.####;nf:#.####;st:#.####;nf:#.####
}}}

 = Encoding =

{{{
        static String Encode(String string){
            return B64.encode(Pad(string));
        }
}}}

 = Decoding =

{{{
        static String Decode(String string){
            return Pad(B64.decode(string));
        }
}}}

 = Eyeballs Privacy =

 We hope that most people will want to share their CPI Online results with others.  Sharing can be a powerful aid.

 But first we recognize our responsibility to provide a basic degree of privacy for any form of personal data, including the anonymous CPI Online result.

 As the result URL is intended to be saved, the URL itself does not reveal any personal data to a casual glance at it. 

 This is eyeballs privacy.  

 One must have a copy of the URL, and decode the URL, in order to have the CPI result data.